So our question view model is ready to be used.
Let's go ahead and look at our main activity.
Let's not forget this is easy to forget.
We need to also say at the top here at Android entry points so that health knows that main activity
will be getting access to all of these dependencies that we've put together throughout.
All right.
Let's put this in code like this.
So let me get rid of all of this because we don't need any of this for now.
And of course, this is going to go away.
That's fine.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a composable here called at, say, composable, and let's
call this trivia.
It's going to be a function, of course.
Trivia home.
I such.
Right now, a trivia home here, we're going to pass.
Yes, the view models and sea view model, it's going to be our question, the view model as such.
And so inside here is where we're going to use that view model and inside of our TV.
I'm going to also call a question or questions like this, which is going to be yet another composable
at the bottom here.
OK?
And we're going to also require here a few model question this section.
So inside here is what we are going to create the user interface.
And of course, later I will, of course, later we are going to move all of this somewhere else.
But for now, we can just test things out.
So I do see questions who need a view model.
So that means I need to pass here a few model.
Just a few model such.
All right.
Passing this new model there, OK, let's test a few things, so very good.
So now we have our access to our view model.
If we go back to our question of your model, we know that whenever we say for our data here, we'll
be turning a mutable state wrapped inside of a data or exception, which has a question the least and
so forth.
If you go to our question item such you notice the question item, a synthetic class that I answer category
choices in a list string and question.
Now you'll see that we also we have the question class data class.
If you go back to our model, this is what represents the entire payload that we have here.
We're getting.
That's why it says ArrayList containing question items.
That's the distinction here.
This means insight of let's get rid of all of this means that our main activity here where we're calling
a full model, we need to be aware of something.
I will have to do something like this to get access to the list that we need, right?
So when I say foul questions is equal to model in this case, just a few Model S. View model, right?
They can invoke data.
So here again, I actually have to say helt view model like this to instantiate the actual model.
Very good.
So now here this is wrong questions.
So I can see if Model Dot and I can get data and let's see data.
OK, I need to make data public, right?
Remember if we go back to our question.
The model, right, they need to make that data public so we can actually access it.
OK, so let's see, go back to make sure, yep, now we can get to that.
I'm going to say that value and go get the value.
Notice the value is going to be that wrapper there or exception.
This is very important, as you see.
And then I'm going to get the data, which in this case, I want to get the question list ArrayList.
Like this?
OK.
You would think that this would work, but it's not.
So this I have to do something I have to say to.
Mutable list that is very important because the type that we have in our question, which is what are
we getting?
It's an array list, so it's a different implementation of the listing if you think about it.
OK, so now here we are saying we needed to convert that into a mutable list, which is needed, of
course, in our composable.
Because we need to mutate it.
All right, very good.
That's very important, that needs to happen.
So in this case, here I can go ahead and say Log D. Just to see if perhaps we can see something when
I say, let's just get to the questions.
It's a mutable list, of course.
Get it.
Let's say get.
Let's just start with this side just to see if this is going to work.
Of course we need to add.
Make it a snowball.
Say size like this as the tag.
And this make sure this tree veers off course called Let's go ahead and run.
So it's running on my device.
It doesn't matter what we see, really.
Let's see, you know, a logcat cat here to see if we can actually see that information is being retrieved.
All right, let's go.
We call it size the tag name.
Just search for it.
And you can see it says here.
Size questions for 48 77.
So this is how many questions we have right now.
The reason why you may see size for the first time is no, and then it actually gives us the correct
number.
The size right is because in the beginning, the user interface may be showing before it had a chance
to go and getting the information right.
So in this case here.
That's why at first it says no.
But then we get the correct information, which is the size of our list.
This is real good.
It's real good.
That means it's working.
All the work is that we put in is now paying off.
That just means then I can go forward and say something like this, right?
Let's put that instead of an if statement.
And I say if in this case, I can say, let's just close this down.
Let's see if questions.
Actually, I can go to the view model itself because I want to get more information and get the data
that I want to get to the loading safe value not loading is equal to true.
I'm just going to say something like this Lock D loading like that.
And then else.
Meaning if.
Loading is not true, is false.
We've gotten information I can just go ahead and perhaps loop through.
In this case, let's get questions dot for each such, say, question item like this for each question
item.
I want to do something looks like obviously we may get, so I need to write like this.
I'm going to say log D. And for each one of these, each one of these question items is a question item.
I'm going to get the question itself.
It's call is a result.
And I want to just test things out here, I'm going to say.
Loading stopped all right to see what this will give us.
Loading Let's see this.
Let's run once again.
Remember, I'm running on my device here, so it doesn't matter if you see something so as long as it's
running, you may have, of course, your emulator.
So just testing to see if we get information here.
All right, so there we go.
Now you can see I got the result.
If I go and say resolved, let's start with loading.
OK.
See, this is perfect because now we went ahead and say the loading question.
So this rain because loading was true.
That's what we said.
Questions Loading.
And once the loading was finished, says Loading Questions Loading stopped.
And then, of course, I'm going to get the results.
Let's get that tag.
And voila, you can see we're able to get all the questions.
There are quite a lot, right?
Resolved question.
He was that and the the question.
And there you have it.
OK, so this is real good.
This is real good because again, we have then all the work, right, creating the infrastructure to
be able to get information from our Jason right?
You know, remote server.
And then we are now able to through our view model, we're able to get to that information about not
only just get a list of items, we're able to get even more information because we wrapped that data
that we're getting from our from our source.
All right.
We've wrapped it inside of another object that we call a data or exception, which means we were able
to add other items, other metadata pieces of information to our data so that we were able to do something
like this.
We're able to check in our data if the loading is true.
I hope you're seeing the power of all of these, the advantages that we now have because later we can
if loading is true, we can then invoke the circle of progress and show to the user today where the
users have this visual cue that indeed things are working in the background.
This, indeed is the power of wrapping our main data into another class in this case data or exception
class.
So make sure you get to this point.
You are able to see this result is very important.
If not, make sure also that you are.
First of all, you've set up everything correctly in our, you know, in all of the classes that we
don't question the repository, the question, the model and so forth, but also the dependencies.
And also make sure that you are passing in this case in our trivia home as a test.
Here you are saying Heald Field models instantiating to say this is the hill to view model and everything
is good to go in passing that view model and questions, which is a composable.
And then we are testing things out here, so we're able to get that information.
And don't forget to do this.
This questions has to go through this process here because of the type compatibility, we have to convert
that into mutable list.
Otherwise are going to have errors.
All right.
And there you have it.
We are able to get all those questions, which means we're able to get everything from our data, which
is this guy here.
So now we're home free, which means we can now start focusing on building the actual application.
In this case, the user interface, which is what people interact with, which is what our app is all
about, in a sense.
But I hope you seeing here the power of structure in your app this way.